Hello everyone, this time we'll talk
about the study of biography in the
basic education
Throughout the course it is sought that
students relate the components of the
geographic space to recognize and
face the contemporary world
one of the purposes of geography
is that the students have more
awareness of space and value in the
diversity in the next video it
will briefly explain the importance
for the future teacher to know the
purposes of the study of geography
the didactic approach the competences
that develop the role of the student and
the teacher as well as the different
work modalities that we can
use with 200 resources
didactic
to promote their learning
the purposes of studying the
geography for basic education
they are mainly explaining relationships
between social natural components
economic and political cultural
geographic space to know a
integral vision of the space in
local state national scales
continental and global as well as mobilize
concepts, skills and attitudes of
situations of daily life for
take over as part of the space
geographical value natural diversity
social, cultural and economic
national identity
in primary education the purposes
they are based on acquiring concepts
skills and attitudes to build
national identity through the
recognition of natural diversity
social cultural and economic space
geographic participate in a way
informed in the place where you live for
the care of the environment and prevention
of disasters
didactic approach the subject of
geography addresses the study of space
geographical from a perspective
formative from the development
comprehensive concepts skills and
attitudes the geographic space is
conceives as the space socially
perceived built lived and
continuously transformed by the
relationships and interactions of their
components over time to
from the basic knowledge of
the geography the students will build a
overview of space by
recognition of relationships between
its natural components highlight water
climate vegetation and social fauna
composition distribution and mobility of
the population cultural ways of life
cultural manifestations traditions and
economic assets natural resources
economic spaces infrastructure
services and socioeconomic inequality and
political territories borders
Government policies and agreements
national and international
define from the problems
contemporaries of society
geographic competences to contribute
to the achievement of competences for
life and the features of the discharge profile
the subject of geography presents
five skills that you have to
develop throughout education
basic geographic skills are
a means for the formation of
pupils since they are oriented towards
act based on their experiences of
conscious reasoned reasoned form
autonomous and creative in situations that
they are presented inside and outside the
school allowing them to unwind
better way in the space where they live
the role of the student
from the formative perspective of the
subject the student is considered a
active subject that recognizes so
gradual processes that enable their
learning and development in relation to
the natural and social environment surrounding
gradually becomes aware and
control of their learning so that
plans regulates and evaluates its
participation in said process
as a builder of your knowledge the
student develops his creativity and
imagination as well as your ability to
solve problems work
collaboratively reinforce their self-esteem
and increase your autonomy
it is necessary for students to establish
relationships between what they live in their
space and what was learned in the subject
by carrying out activities
varied that favor the development
comprehensive concepts skills and
geographical attitudes that lead
to make informed decisions and
responsible
the role of the teacher is required that the
teacher facilite and learning
considering previous knowledge
interests expectations motivations
experiences and context of the students
the selection and implementation of
strategies and teaching resources
diverse relevant and effective for
favor the achievement of learning and
permanent planning and evaluation
in the progress of the students
the formative sense of the subject
implies that their teaching be eliminated
practices based on the memorization of
data are not significant and
priority to analysis in relationships
of the geographic components
in this sense the teacher does not assume the
role of repeater of knowledge but that of
promoter of the design and implementation of
significant teaching strategies
which vary according to the level and grade
school and the particularities of each
group which implies respect for the
individuality and the different styles
and rhythms of student learning
with his intervention the teacher motivates and
the students to reflect on the
learning strategies and the
geographic knowledge that are
building
work modalities
the geography classes constitute a
space for the teacher to propose
the students job opportunities
diversified from sequences
didactic and projects these two
modalities seek to contribute to the achievement
of the expected learning
then they will be mentioned briefly
and teaching resources
the incorporation of various resources
didactic promotes the achievement of
learning and the development of
competences so it's important
involve the students in the election
and the use of the most appropriate of
according to the expected learning
the didactic resources that
recommend for work with the
subject are several among them
find the following